Update pull request section (#455)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/go_style_guide.md

## Pull requests

> Avoid unnecessary whitespace changes unless they are made by formatting tools (e.g. `prittier`, `gofmt`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid unnecessary formatting changes that are unrelated to your change. If you find code that isn't formatted correctly, fix the formatting in a separate PR by running the appropriate formatter (e.g. `prettier`, `gofmt`).
```
